I've only read until page 110 so far, but I have to say this book is amazing! In addition to explaining it very well and with examples, it makes things lighter by the way the author writes it and make jokes along the way. Very satisfied.:positive
Perfect for consuming a few minutes a few times a day:positive
Great textbook, with beautifully explained algorithms. Highly recommended for all levels.:positive
One of the best algorithm books you can buy! Really happy to see this expanded combined version.:positive
Absolutely thrilled that I stumbled upon this gem! If only I had discovered this book a few years ago, it would have saved me countless moments of confusion. The explanations of algorithms within these pages are nothing short of brilliant. The clarity and depth of understanding I gained from this read are invaluable. Highly recommend to anyone looking to demystify algorithms and enhance their comprehension.:positive
Seriously, not good. DO NOT BUY!:negative
I purchased one for my daughter for Christmas and the sound was horrible. We returned it and got a new one. Four months later that sounded like crap. Just spend the extra money and get a better one. This is horrible.:negative
Defective product:negative
This is a nice unit and while I haven’t used the Bluetooth yet it’s a terrific record player.:positive
Love the look and size. Works great!:positive
Very bad computer. It freezes, crashes, and if it is working is slow to do anything.:negative
Do not buy. Awful quality:negative
Got these on a flash sale. They are cute and the kids like them but they absolutely suck as walkie- talkies. Just static with a few interspersed barely audible words.:negative
Wow just received this today and am highly disappointed. Looks much bigger in the photos and it is TINY:negative
Son got this for Christmas did not work well remote started overheating smelt very bad ended up starting a return total bummer not well made:negative
It is a great gift for any child who loves to be creative and explore.:positive
My son love this cute robot. Nice remote control also and walks talky works good. Nice color and quality. I recommend this cute robot.:positive
These work just fine and I got a good price. The only problem is that they stink like dead fish.:negative
Purchased for my dogs and was a great value, but the fishy type smell is awful.:negative
I bought these to throw in the dryer with a down feather vest. The balls smell like fish. It’s so disgusting. Not the normal tennis ball scent you would expect.:negative
It's what you would expect out of a tennis ball. Very inexpensive too! Can't go wrong!:positive
Satisfied customer!:positive
VERY DECEPTIVE MARKETING AND DISHONEST COMPANY.:negative
I only bought these because of their claim that it was THICK. What I received is a VERY thin and flimsy towel. I had to come back and look at the recent reviews to see that others are claiming the same. Returning them.:negative
These microfiber towels leave a lot of lint behind even after washing them. Maybe I got some defective ones but I can't recommend them. Will return them.:negative
I don't know how these have good reviews. I've never seen a towel of any kind leave more debris..or hold less water.:negative
All of these books from the author are amazing. Easy to read. Catches the kids eyes with illustrations and exciting to follow along! With all of the holiday themed ones it make it fun and my children are trying to figure out how they will catch that next persons:positive
My grandchildren are really enjoying it.:positive
There's collection is awesome we have all of them:positive
The story is boring.:negative
It feels disjointed and was difficult to read out loud. So much so, that even my students were disappointed. I had high hopes based on the other books in the series but this one is not a hit.:negative
I am so glad that Colleen Hoover decided to write this follow-up novel to It Ends With Us.:positive
Perfectly written. I loved reading more about Atlas and Lily after It Ends With Us.:positive
The first book was great ! This one was nauseating so mushy with 4000 I love yous I skipped over half the book a real waste of time read the first one and stop there !:negative
Boring, disappointing, predictable dribble. I flashed back to grade school in the absence of.anything to engage my adult mind. A painful read.:negative
I was expecting this heartfelt book and all I got was this cheap “my little pony” coloring book… what the actual?!? It looks like it’s been cheaply printed and stapled together.:negative
It’s a wonderful gift that offers both emotional value and lasting memories.:positive
Amazing gift with the best questions for your dad to answer! Such a keepsake to have!!:positive
I usually don't leave bad reviews, however, this one was necessary. Poor ink quality. You can see the glue they used to glue the book together. I rather buy it straight from the authors page, than someone try to make money off of this poor quality copy.:negative
This book is a cheap copy of the real thing. The cover is printed crooked and the pages are so thin you can see through the next page.:negative
This book will change the way you look at money and life,very easy and entertaining read.:positive
I found the book incredibly slow and boring. I ended up skimming through a lot of it just to see what would happen.:negative
Better than some of the previous Amazon brands i've purchased. Higher quality build and wraps around my face better:positive
Crisp,clear, comfortable,like that the nose piece is screwed into the frame of glasses. The polarized is phenomenal.:positive
Only one little issue. The nose bridge extends out a little far. Otherwise, the glasses are excellent value for the money.:positive
These are my favorite pair. I have a drawer full.:positive
I bought these in used but great condition and they came used in terrible condition. The problem was they didn’t fit and there were a few threads loose on each shoe.. they came very worn, stained and stretched. I’m beyond disappointed on spending $95 on something that was supposed to come pretty much perfect.:negative
Completely destroyed after 2 weeks of light use. Not being dramatic.:negative
These boots came in mail already damaged.:negative
Unfortunately the boots were too difficult to get on with arthritis so I need to return them:negative
The Travelambo Front Pocket Minimalist Leather Slim Wallet is a fantastic choice for those who prefer a sleek and efficient way to carry their essentials.:positive
Comfort and Convenience: The slim design makes it comfortable to carry in my front pocket. It’s lightweight and doesn’t create any noticeable bulge, making it perfect for everyday use and travel.:positive
Great quality. Bought it for my husband and he loves it, it’s super convenient and aesthetically great:positive
Very pleased with the quality and style. Useful Design. Great price:positive
Great for gift definitely durable:positive
The material stinks. Smells horrid. I thought the stink might go away after a few days but no, it remains.:negative
The dimensions are different from a typical wallet. It is longer length-wise and shorter width-wise. This means if you have a large wad of cash, it will partially stick out of the top part of the wallet when it is shut, making it look unkempt and unprofessional.:negative
There is an extra part where u can put your driver license but it's not connected to the wallet. We'll now it fell out and we lost our cards. Worst wallet we ever brought:negative
Good quality, affordable, quite stylish:positive
I am pretty pleased with this purchase:positive
Just opened up my package and I am very disappointed is the quality of the items. These were supposed to be brand new weights. Not only are they dirty, but one has several gouges in it. They are being returned.:negative
Sturdiness is questionable. Durability is very questionable. Built with very flimsy wood. Not sure how long this will last.:negative
Love it for the kiddos because it’s foam. I’ve had too many accidents and it’s nice to have the assurance you won’t be putting an eye out! Cool colors, good quality, and safety make this a good choice!:positive
My son received this as a birthday gift. Works perfectly! He’s having lots of fun with it! It feels very well made and seems as tho it will last a long time.:positive
I do not like this it’s very cheap for the price it is selling for. It’s j foam and it rips easily. Trust me you don’t want to waste your money.:negative
Didn’t work very well after a few times. Cheap material. But you get what you pay for.:negative
Super entertaining toy for indoor play. It is easy to assemble and sturdy. My grand son enjoy it very much:positive
It’s great for toddlers. They will be on it the whole day. Definitely get their energy down. It’s very sturdy and safe. I would purchase it again.:positive
Cannot go wrong with Little Tikes! Granddaughter loves it, I love it!:positive
I wanted to like this mouse. The mouse fit in my hand comfortably. But unfortunately the mouse only lasted for a few months. Sadly, the mouse malfunctioned after the return window closed. Even with fresh batteries, the mouse signaled that the batteries were dead.:negative
DO NOT BUY THIS PRODUCT! I have to keep taking the batteries out and moving them to get it to work again...will be throwing it away and buying a new one because it happened after the return window date. I repeat...DO NOT BUY THIS.:negative
When I got it, it was unresponsive. I tried to charge it, but it didn't last long before the cord burned out. It was horrible. Luckily, I was there.:negative
Had this backpack for a month and a half and the zipper broke. I always buy Jansport and have always had them last longer than a year! So disappointed, will not buy again.:negative
Both straps ripped! Not worth the price! Not happy at all. My child only used it for 2 weeks for school! I couldn’t return or anything cuz the time had passed!:negative
Anything from the Sharpie brand is excellent quality! They write so perfectly smooth, and they function perfectly, too. There’s no strong smell whatsoever. The price was very low.:positive
Colors are bold and fun take a very short time to dry, have not experienced any smudging a wonderful gift for any teacher or to have for homeschooling.:positive
This is my second set after they had me send back the old set for a replacement. I hoped it was just a fluke but found that both sets either leak or are dried up. Only like 4 out of the whole pack didn’t have any issues. Waste of money.:negative
Fast shipping but half of the markers were dried out and didn’t work. Returns are such a hassle for me that I’m not even going to bother. Buyer’s remorse for sure.:negative
Terrible absolutely terrible ! They break non stop and the rubber on the end lasts only a short while these are useless waste of money do not waste your hard earned money on these ! I’m so disappointed that something as easy as a pencil to make could be made so poorly:negative
Huge amount of breakage from sharpening, almost unusable:negative
It’s reliable, affordable, and a must-have for any student or writer!:positive
These pencils work great for my child school work. It erases easily. They don't break. And it's a good price for them:positive
I only wore this a few times, when the toe piece broke off. Don't waste your money.
I will say they were comfortable.:negative
Very uncomfortable. Threw them in the trash.:negative
I bought these as decorations for my daughter’s art themed birthday. They are very cute and add a lot of color to the room. Easy to put up.:positive
I loved that we heard both voices, mother and daughter, recall the same events. Well written, heartfelt, tragic. It was a quick and interesting read.:positive
An outstanding work. A gift.:positive
This book is a heartfelt and moving tribute that truly captures the essence of a mother-daughter bond. Riley masterfully brings her mother’s story to life with honesty and grace. I was captivated from the first page, unable to put it down.:positive
The product is self is not bad, but whoever packaged this has nasty crap all over the cover.:negative
I took off the cover and found this dent on my Brand new book:negative
This book arrived with its cover, both front and back, smeared with greasy fingerprints and it’s disgusting.:negative
The writing is brutally simplistic and dull, almost like AI wrote it?:negative
Impressive book really liked by the recipient!:positive
A really fun book! A little bit of everything in it…I purchased as a gift and they really love it! So much so, I’m going to look at the other books in the series for gifts and for myself!:positive
I bought this for a Christmas present for my brother and cannot wait until he opens it. I read through the book and it is actually very cool.:positive
Amazing, and often sad story of the many challenges of our first President.:positive
Washington and Lincoln are my favorite presidents by far. This book about Washington's deal making is fascinating.:positive
I bought this book as a gift for one of my sons. When I read the first page after giving it to him I saw that I'd made a mistake:negative
Warning don’t buy a book that lists no publisher! After searching, I discovered that the publisher has a sketchy reputation and doesn’t do much editing. I lost count of the errors!:negative
I had a bit of caution before buying this book and i will NOT return it. It was my mistake, but I hate the binding of this book:negative
These shoes are both ugly and uncomfortable in pictures:negative
